Welcome to The Apocalypse! =D


The main content is that the episode with the premier in soviet mission 8 is now re-created by me.
This episode does not find place on Easter Island. We're now in an unknown place. Place is not
important here. I've deisgned the map with good textures, many trees and blablabla, but not too
much stuff to avoid lagg so I bet it's around medium design. Well however, there is over 360 script
files in this map. Enjoy it.

Your mission is to stay alive. Stay alive until the secret reinforcement arrives. The match is for
30 minutes, normally Art of Defence maps lasts for 20 minutes, but I wanted to make it longer so now
you will have a bigger chance of being dead before this reinforcement arrives.

This map focuses on attacks from air and ground units comming from the left and right higher levels
and from the below big island where the Premier hides + sea attacks from both left and right rivers.

I can tell you now that you all will be hit by a vacuum imploder at your starting position somewhere
in the mid-game, but I can't tell exactly when. However, it was the Premier that will order these
vacuums at you and your team mates. The Premier has a "Black Elite Force" around his Launch Shuttle
Facility and the map has been scripted so nobody except for himself and his forces can be located
in a specific are. If you however, tries to enter his base, your units will be blown up as soon as
you cross a specific line. It's the same with air units. Shoguns and Dreadnoughts do not have long
range enough to reach his base and if you try with the aircraft carrier, remember that the small
aircraft planes that is comming out from it are cosidered as special units, but units however,
so they will be blown up just like other units if they cross the line.

Stay sticked to the plot of the map, stay alive and don't bother attack his base. At the end,
there is a very special suprise for everyone that contributed to the match. =D







WARNING: I have scripted the map so if player 5 is a human player, the map disables the user input
and the game ends in 12 seconds. I did this to prevent "stupid" players from playing as the mighty
God and ruin the plot of the map. Players cannot play as a God and that forces them to play the map
just like it should be played. Now have fun and enjoy the map and generally Red Alert 3. =D




Map made by Vikestart
- Design by Vikestart
- Coding by Vikestart
- Minimap by Vikestart
- Idea by Vikestart
- Player setup by Vikestart
- Install Creator configured by Vikestart
- All ReadMe files written by Vikestart

Copyrighted to Vikestart and CnC Hub.